# YouFoos Release Notes

## Version 1.3 - 2019-08-06

I promised a big update, and I'm here to deliver.

Today we're dropping the biggest YouFoos update yet, including a total overhaul of the Hall of Fame page, new stats, and more.

Stay tuned for even more sweet changes coming to YouFoos in the near future.

### New Features
- Added a buzzer to the table - you'll now hear a beep when scanning your RFID card
- This buzzer will also beep when the table software is done booting, to let you know the table is ready
- Accolades are now broken into three categories: Player Specific, Non-Player Entity Specific, and Non-Entity Specific
  - Player specific accolades are what you're used to, they're awarded to a particular player based on one of their stats
  - NonPlayer entity specific accolades are accolades awarded to something that isn't a player,  such as "Best Table Side"
  - NonEntity Specific Accolades are like overall system stats they aren't awarded to anyone. Example: "Total Time Played" (across the entire system)
- Added new accolade connotation system
  - Accolades are now considered either "Positive", "Negative", or "Neutral"
  - A small strip of color will now show in the hall of fame to indicate the connotation. For example, "Lowest Rank" will have a red strip
- Added several new accolades for the Hall of Fame
  - Most shutout wins
  - Best Table Side
  - Total Goals scored
  - Total Time Played
  - Longest Avg. Game Length
  - Most Avg. Owngoals Per Game
  - Most Avg. Goals as Defense
- Added new player stat: "Shutout Wins", or games where the other team didn't score a single point

### Tweaks
- Made the awardee name on accolade cards slightly larger
- Removed two existing accolades that didn't have much statistical value or notability - "Most Goals as Offense"  and "Lowest Score Per Minute"

### Fixes
- Table boot time should be a few seconds faster now
- Completely rewrote the accolades calculation system in the backend; this should fix a whole bunch of bugs
  - Accolades calculation should now also be much more scalable as the database grows
  - Accolades are now calculated just once after each game, instead of once for each player after a game
- Fixed the formatting of stat values for accolades in the UI
- Fixed image width issues caused by non-square avatars on the hall of fame page
- Fixed the formatting of time duration based stats in several places in the application
- Fixed refreshing the browser causing a sign-out
