# YouFoos Release Notes

## Version 1.7- Release Date TBD

**Update still in progress. This changelog will be updated as features are added.**

Well, it's been a heck of a year.

Development on YouFoos had been halted for the longest time due to a lack of free time on my part and a lack
of access to the hardware due to COVID restrictions on returning to our office. However, I've got some more
time on my hands again and I'm ready to get back at it! It will take a little while to get development back
up to full speed, but you can expect more news in the near future.

The main goal for the project is shifting somewhat towards making it suitable for a public release - so we'll
be focused a lot on rebranding and reworking/adding features so that they make more sense in a multi table
environment, since a lot of design decisions that make sense for the prototype release wouldn't make much sense
for the production release.

That said, you can still expect some new features if they naturally fit into the course of development as I work
on making the system suitable for a public release. A public roadmap will be released soon on the official new 
GitHub repository, so stay tuned for that as well.

This update is the start of the crunch to release the product publicly, and the main noticable change will be the
rebranding. The former name and branding of the project have been all but erased from the codebase and applications,
and you won't find any references to them anywhere - this is necessary to avoid any legal implications of a public release.

Since a public release hasn't happened yet, it's unlikely anyone outside of our office will ever see this update live, but
it marks an important internal development phase and it was worth collapsing into a well-defined version update.

We hope to have YouFoos in the wild soon. Until then, happy foosing!

### New Features

- Rebranding! In order to make this project public, we've had to rebrand it from it's former name and design.

### Tweaks

### Other Enhancements

- New Github repository!
    - As part of the push to make the project public, we've migrated to a new Github repository
    - This erases our previous commit history which was necessary as part of the rebranding for a public release
    - NEW: Github issues as a roadmap
        - A roadmap is now publicly available in the form of a GitHub issues board
- All backend components have been upgraded from .NET Core 3.1 to .NET 6.0
    - This was a relatively low effort change, but it was important in order to keep our stack modern
    - It should bring with it some nice performance and resource usage improvements for the backend
    - It also brings along some nice development features which should improve the speed of development

### Fixes

- Fixed the weird left/right arrows that would sometimes appear in the navbar
